DOCSUP-8181: Edit and translate to Russian (#23878)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/type-conversion-functions.md

**Parameters**

-   `time_string` — String containing a date or date with time to convert. [String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md).

> -   `precision` — `3` for milliseconds, `6` for microseconds. Default `3`. Optional. [UInt8](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `precision` — Required precision. `3` — for milliseconds, `6` — for microseconds. Default — `3`. Optional. [UInt8](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md).
```

SELECT parseDateTime64BestEffort('2021-01-01 01:01:00.12346',6) AS a, toTypeName(a) AS t
UNION ALL
SELECT parseDateTime64BestEffort('2021-01-01 01:01:00.12346',3,'Europe/Moscow') AS a, toTypeName(a) AS t

> FORMAT PrettyCompactMonoBlcok;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FORMAT PrettyCompactMonoBlock;
```

## toUnixTimestamp64Nano {#tounixtimestamp64nano}

Converts a `DateTime64` to a `Int64` value with fixed sub-second precision. Input value is scaled up or down appropriately depending on it precision. 

> !!! note "Note"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "Note"
```

>     Please note that output value is a timestamp in UTC, not in timezone of `DateTime64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The output value is a timestamp in UTC, not in the timezone of `DateTime64`.
```
